Oh what's going on guys it's your boy
dpj here today with another destiny
video new today's testing video I'm
going to open in five exotic Ingram's in
search of the purifier globes for that
wall up before getting to the video if
you guys do enjoy at the end if you
could leave a like let's try and reach
3000 lugs that'll be insane if we
couldn't also guys if you are new to my
channel and do enjoy daily destiny be
sure to subscribe getting straight into
it now please master wahoo take pity on
my ass please give me the pew fire orbs
I just don't have enough most to be
wasting them on more exotic engrams just
give me what I want please please please
please okay let's just let's just go
let's just go let's go let's just
fucking go okay yeah I lucky that we
don't do this to me come on da fuckin
out fuck off with a hunter shit are you
kidding come on come on come on come on
last one last one last one ah fucking 1
i've gone by more I'm gonna have to go
and buy more I really am so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna go buy some more
exotic incomes gonna buy five more if I
do not get it that's it i'm giving up
i'm giving up but I'll catch you guys
back in a sec okay guys I've just blood
another five exotic Engram slums there
that elusive bastard now just give me
just give me just give me the pure file
of script are just given me nasta low I
love you come on I'll do anything I owe
you a favor whatever that is I don't
care content may be under stool if you
want do whatever you want to me just
give me their motherfucking I kind of
remember I called now but giving me
anyway giving me anyway purify will
obsess it that is it ok no fuck off
staff at work I don't wanna shit so on
the armamentarium three more I ain't
gonna waste no more tonight no I ain't
waiting no more come on come on fuck
this shit that is just ridiculous no I'm
not wasting no more motes of light on
these things I've just not enough and my
glimmers blow shards Allah to even try
for them so I'm like this game i'm not
doing it i'm not doing nope you fight
whoops can i glow about them I'll get a
new eventually so yep yep guys that is
it I refuse to waste more most of light
and that bastard but guys that's what
I've got front of a video if you have
tried if you did get you to purify herbs
from exotic 10 grams let me know damn
loan at comment section and I wore black
yes it's as simple as that now i'm gonna
joking but guys hope you enjoyed the
video do drop a logic want to see more
live ingram and a package opening videos
thanks for stopping by as always in
peace on till next time posts